docs: replace keys by data keys (#73)
lukso-network/LIPs: LSPs/LSP-6-KeyManager.md

Permissions are described in the [Permissions values section](#permission-values-in-addresspermissionspermissionsaddress). Furthermore addresses can be restricted to only talk to certain other smart contracts or address, specific functions or smart contracts supporting only specifc standard interfaces.

> The Permissions are stored at [ERC725Account](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-0-ERC725Account.md) ERC725Y data key value store, and can therefore survive an upgrade to a new KeyManager contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Permissions are stored under the ERC725Y data key-value store of the linked [ERC725Account](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-0-ERC725Account.md), and can therefore survive an upgrade to a new KeyManager contract.
```

key: 0xeafec4d89fa9619884b6b89135626455000000000000000000000000abe425d6
```

> By setting the value to `0xeafec4d89fa9619884b6b8913562645500000000000000000000000000000000` in the list of allowed ERC725Y data key, one address can set any data key **starting with the first word `SupportedStandards:...`**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By setting the value to `0xeafec4d89fa9619884b6b8913562645500000000000000000000000000000000` in the list of allowed ERC725Y data keys, one address can set any data key **starting with the first word `SupportedStandards:...`**.
```
